feat: adding date formatter project for new JS curriculum (#52088)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-the-date-object-by-building-a-date-formatter/653884e09dfb4eb01f1622ed.md

---
id: 653884e09dfb4eb01f1622ed
title: Step 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

> The `.getHours()` method returns a number between 0 and 23 which represents the hour for the provided date, where 0 is midnight and 23 is 11pm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.getHours()` method returns a number between 0 and 23. This represents the hour for the provided date, where 0 is midnight and 23 is 11 p.m.
```
